Collisions in random explicit nonces (#49)
cfrg/draft-irtf-cfrg-aead-limits: draft-irtf-cfrg-aead-limits.md

in {{ChaCha20Poly1305-MU}}.

Results for AES-GCM with random, partially implicit nonces {{?RFC5288}} are
captured by Theorem 5.3 in {{GCM-MU2}}, which apply to protocols such as TLS 1.2
{{?RFC5246}}. Here, the implicit part of the nonce is a random value, of length
at least 32 bits and fixed per key, while we assume that the explicit part of
the nonce is chosen using a non-repeating process. The full nonce is the
concatenation of the two parts. This produces similar limits under most
conditions.  Note that implementations that choose the explicit part at random

> have a higher chance of nonce collisions and are neither recommended nor
> considered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
have a higher chance of nonce collisions and are not considered for the
limits in this section.
```

Reviewer: I would omit the 'not recommended' part, as that's probably something left to TLS 1.2 and its related documents.
